Creating EDA user guide (#1026)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/eda/proc-eda-set-up-token.adoc

[id="proc-eda-set-up-token"]

> = Setting up token to authenticate to Ansible Automation Platform Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Setting up a token to authenticate to Ansible Automation Platform Controller
```
Suggestion: use attributes for AAP here.

> Automation Controller must contain a project based on a repository with certain playbooks designed to work with the {EDAName} rulebooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ControllerNameStart} must contain a project based on a repository with certain playbooks designed to work with the {EDAName} rulebooks. 
```

> Automation Controller must also have corresponding job templates set up based on the playbooks in that project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ControllerNameStart} must also have corresponding job templates set up based on the playbooks in that project.
```

== Prerequisites

> * You are logged in as a Content Consumer.

Reviewer: It might make sense here to say what you're logged into

* You have created a user.
* You can log in to the {EDAcontroller} Dashboard or you are added as a user in the organization.

== Procedure

. Navigate to the {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.
. From the top navigation bar, select your profile.

> . Go to *User details*.

Reviewer 2: Is User details a tab or a selection from the navigation panel?

> . Select btn:[Controller Tokens] → btn:[Create controller token].

Reviewer 2: I believe this is a menu selection? If so, change btn to menu as follows:
menu:Controller Tokens[Create controller token]

. Insert the following: 

> ** *Name*

Reviewer 2: If you change above to definitions lists, do so here as well for consistency.
